People turn to Socialism when Capitalism fails them...Case in point Ford didn't fix the Pinto gas tank problem because it was more profitable to payoff  law suits from families of those killed  ..
If we read Adam Smith, which nobody does, his views are probably closer to Marx than Milton Friedman. Instead everyone reads the cliff notes, written by Milton Friedman, which are  perversions of Smith's teachings
Hey do you offer this service this service to small businesses?
This video along with the drawings is all very well put together. Thank you. Well done sir!
Capitalism is mad gay
Capitalism is a Darwinian economic system... so anyone that doesn't believe in Darwinian evolution shouldn't "morally" be a capitalist. The "proof" of that is what the author of this video points out... capitalism is based upon "self-interest".  But in any human society civility requires "self-sacrifice" to some extent. Yet in America the only thing that seems to truly matter is self-interest.  Is it any wonder American society is so chaotic ??
We should boycott loans until communism is implemented
Capitalism killed our planet
Did the definition change over time?
I don't agree with this definition of capitalism because it's not how capitalism started. Capitalism was borne from necessity. 
Nothing exists in a vacuum, and that includes "profits". When money is exchanged, a portion of it trickles down, and then back up. The problem is very high interest rates (they should be between 1% and 5%), and usury. Without ownership, everyone is a perpetual worker.
Capitalism is much easier to fix than it is to build an entirely different system. For example, why not create an employee eligibility/aptitude test in which the poorer you are, the more starting points you have. That way, you could still use merit/competence while still giving the poorest people the greatest advantage.
very well made "manual" video
Inequality and worker exploitation is not a 'side effect', it is a feature. Which capitalism shares with dictatorship/monarchy
Oh yeah... we've seen how good capitalism went. 3 Assholes Musk Bezos and Zuckerberg have more money than the whole planet and monopolized everything. Good competition.
We all in America see capitalism as OK because we all grew up with it and so did our parents the system kind of works, but I’m sure that’s what Russians thought during the Soviet era too or at least a few
°
This information is very helpful 😸😸 thanks for your information
India
I'm against Capitalism! Another negative side is the cultural and general belief of citizens in which people from birth to death are thriving financially then they will have no enough time to think deeply of creation and living!! Financial aspect is much over the man's potential.  
I think Capitalism in long time create high psychological crisis.
Capitalism is a socialist slur coined by Karl Marx himself. It's meant to undermine the public's perception of what Marx considered his greatest enemy to be, liberal democracy. Referring to it as being capitalism infers that our leaders prioritize capital over the rights of the, "oppressed." It's one of the most profane projections of all time. NATO is an organization of liberal democracies that have agreed to defend each other against another Hitler in terms of continental or even global annexation, should the need arise. Hence Putin's contempt for NATO.
The land of the free i thought
I had to watch this for school but great video
obviously, capitalism is better than communism, karl marx is stupid, i love capitalism so much, i wrote a song about it!
Capitalism is the Best!
Song by Aidan Cho
Capitalism is great!
Capitalism is grand!
We will all have a ball if we follow the plan!
Where they force us to work 'cause the government cares!
Capitalism is the best!
Capitalism is great!
Capitalism is fine!
Even if we get little dollars and coins all the time!
Who needs communist sharing when you have what you own!
Communism sucks!
now that is what i call a great song!
Smith was living in a fantasy world
Song name please?
Someone please show proof of an successful anti-capitalist society
I love ur content! I think capitalism, like socialism and communism, has pros and cons... one of my main issues with capitalism is that for people to be at the top others necessarily have to be at the bottom... also, profit will always be the priority.
okay so what it sounds like is people just got greedy. because nowadays SOOO much stuff is overpriced like a haircut is 45 to 100 now. like that right there is greed because your only thinking about yourself not the customer/ consumer. am I right? or should I keep learning lmao
Bernie: Trotskyism......
In the end, Capitalism is better than Socialism...
Capitalism is perfect
Capitalism is not perfect. However its results are  clearly better.
Capitalism 😂 satan way
Capitalism needs a cap it just do; what is rich and what is poor. Poor shouldn't be less then 33% of the rich everything extra for the safety net. The 1% is the US biggest mistake. a 33% split with a 25% cut to the safety net to the union. Three version three class's.
We might want to add that all the people arguing against it only ever saw capitalism and nothing else.
Capitalism combined with free education and healthcare is the best system, because family wealth doesn't matter. In this system the only limit is your own creativity, decisions and inteligence.
Capitalism is great when your government isn’t trying to become socialist and tax you at 50% all in. ABOLISH THE INCOME TAX.
Capitalism itself isn't the problem. Never was. The problem is greed and selfishness. Throw in the massive influx of corporate money into politics combined with minimal regulation and guess what's going to happen? An oligarchy that will always follow their version of the Golden Rule.. WHOEVER HAS THE GOLD MAKES THE RULES!!!
Let's talk about capitalism. I refuse to allow economists and the oligarchy to define "capitalism." Definitions become another weapon of oppression. For the masses, Capitalism = the owners of capital own the profits. Socialism = workers share in the profits of those that own the capital. Nothing in these two definitions indicate the existence of Wall Street, shareholders, nor stock buybacks, the existence of which stems from cronyism. Capitalism has, as its feature, the working poor to enrich the owners of capital. The foundation of the U.S. was built on this exploitation of labor. It was called, "slavery." Today, CEOs and shareholders expect to profits off the backs of labor, indentured servitude, and slavery in developing countries, controlled by dictators and puppets of the American military industrial complex. In the U.S., child labor is once again becoming commonplace. Weeks before Biden left office, he announced a $3.3 billion taxpayer subsidy to Microsoft, a company worth $3 trillion. CNN and MSNBC gaslit the American people by pontificating how great Biden was and that this money would be used to, "create American jobs." Soon after, Microsoft announced they were firing 10,000 workers. Greed is ending any promise of a true democracy. It will only get worse.
Brief but very interesting nd informative video.... the way of presentation is so good nd hardwork behind the creation of this video is visible..... kudos to yhe creater nd maker of the video..
.
😮😮😮😮
Amazing
I am worth more than $45,000,000 but that's the least I can work for in this economy. You can pay me back later.
The Imperial Branch has the OBLIGATION to provide extra work opportunity so that you can contribute to the cost effective production when you want to work for less than the minimum wage, and you might get paid more than minimum wage but it will be different payment scales, it depends upon what the work is and what we need it to cost, you might get paid what the actual money available is, there is no knowing, but the Imperial Branch will take care of the low cost production. The Fourth Branch of Government.
The minimum wage will have to be state determined and be between $35,000 to $50,000 salary and $1600 monthly. If they want to add hourly they can.
$35,000 a year, $1500 a month, and $200,000 starting balance; raise the Fractional Reserve Rate to 80% to absorb the shock of new money in the banks with people having the money they need already, with certain banks having a reserve rate of 20% to create liquidity for the chain of production so that the increase in demand can make production more cost effective from scale of operations and reduce prices rather than create inflation. We need rationed, so as not to replace privatization, government structured production available that is cost fixed so that people get the optimal for what they start out with. I would like, FOR EXAMPLE, a 16x50 and a 16x40 connected together as a T with a bedroom and a bathroom with a closet on each side and the kitchen and living room in the long section and a laundry room at the bottom of the long one with dog grooming amenities and dog stuff storage, and a stair well to the basement infront of the laundry room, and a locked room where gun safes and christmas presents and power tools and precious valuables can be stored under the laundry room, and a boy's room and a girl's room under the 16x40 which had the bedrooms upstairs, put the bedrooms in the basement the same as the bedrooms upstairs but use bunkbeds so you have a boy's room and a girl's room. If you have a covered porch then you can make the basement extend below the porch in certain climates and you can put a child's nursery or play room there or a home gym for example. 
Long Term Fractional Reserve Rate: 40% to 60%. When the economy is over heating raise it past 50% up to as high as 60% and when the economy needs stimulus then lower the Fractional Reserve Rate to below 50% to as low as 40%.
Capitalism is the Truth, but there is more to it. Do you get blinded by the sun? If you use your money for those who you care about then when someone greater comes along they will do for you what they are capable of doing not because of what you can do for them but because they care about you, and it can be both things at the same time but then we can be sincere people. In my esteem it is often for me too when it is for someone else, when I spend on someone else it is for me too in a way and it gives me reward, but there is more to the truth than capitalism. What if we remove the fear of a government take over of privatization, would you still resist allowing the poor to organize a collective capacity to provide industrial production or services for each other or for themselves that is cost effective and not profit motivated so that what little they have can go the furthest possible? It makes their money go further. We should be allowed to organize collective production if not instead of private production but to supplement it. I do believe in private production, but I don't want the poor to be asking the successful to do something for nothing when that's what is necessary.
In other words it’s irl monopoly
Laissez faire capitalism. Never heard of it. So I learned something. Does that define the uk 🇬🇧 ???
The physical cut-outs of drawings combined with you drawing on the white board around them is so visually pleasing.
Right off the bat: BULLSHIT!!! 
Capitalism does not have a monopoly on ANY of these things. They existed before capitalism, and they'll exist after. 
What you are describing is called COMMERCE. We've had it since the bronze age.
Very informative, thank you.
It's because of Capitalism distributing unequally there is inequality.
I hate capitalism
How did you get the subscribe icon to high??
Capitalism is, by default, also a political ideology.
Also it doesn’t work either leaving work in society turns out it doesn’t work either
Just look at china ! Economic growth rapidly by socialism
The forces of a capitalist society if left unchecked, tend to make the rich richer and the poor poorer
Communism is best
Don't ever stop creating videos.
lol no agenda here guys. When talking about capitalism he states these things will lead to this. But anti capitalism it’s these things COULD lead to this, despite the fact that everything the “anti capitalist” has said is true.
Under capitalism, workers create greater value than the value of their pay - the difference being "surplus value" from which profits are derived.  Generally the only commodity that workers can sell is their labour [say 8 hours per day in an office, factory or call centre].  But what they are paid for is their "labour power", whose value could...